Let's take a moment to describe something
that we'll do throughout this course,
wherever necessary.
In computer science, in programming,
in all of these fields,
there's a tendency to use words
that sound a lot bigger and
more complicated than the thing
that they're actually describing.
So, every now and again, as we're going
through this course, when we're covering
a concept or a topic, and it's important
that we're using the same vocabulary and
that would be understood,
we'll drop one of these Big Word Alert.
When you see that, that means we're
about to discuss a word that's probably
a lot less complicated than it sounds.
When we see that,
we'll break glass for emergencies and
give the definition and then some more
detail, and talk about it in some depth.
So as we're going through this course
because this is an under-the-hood
style course,
a course that delves into the details,
don't be intimidated by vocabulary.
These words, these terms, that we may use,
some you may have heard before, others
you may have not are not a big deal.
We'll stop.
We'll discuss them and
then we'll show how they are used,
how these concepts are used
throughout JavaScript.
So remember, it's just vocabulary.